Theme: The Past

VR stream 1 (VR1): immersive video / graphics
VR stream 2 (VR2): games 

++EDUCATIONAL++
Idea 1a - Travel (VR1 and VR2)
It is the original thought brought me to VR. For anyone standing on earth and pick a place to view, shortening the physical distance. I like the google map idea if it can show enough meaningful change but not sure. Example places I had in mind (and went): 

Easter Island - I went there at the end of 2015 in between jobs in NY and London. I took a bunch of photos/videos of the Moai (statues) on Ahu (platforms). It's so fascinating, remote and bizzare. No one really know where they are from and what they are for. History traced back to the birdman cult (petroglyphs) that basically destroyed the moais. We can pretty much make up any scenes to try to tell a story for it. 

Silk Road Ruins - I worked as a researcher briefly on Silk Road after uni for Rough Guides. There are deserts, cave arts and old city ruins (e.g. Gaochang). Again no one knows why the city was abandoned only speculations. In addition to showing the place, we can create a feasible story based on studies. 

Stonhenge - well, that one hopefully you know with plenty of speculations floating around. For that matter, any decent English pubs can be of subject. Actually it is something I would like to do as a separate project on the disappearing English public houses as the centre of communities. 

Idea 1b - Period homes (VR1) 
This is an idea inspired by London's Geffreye museum which has permanenent display of period homes in Britain from 1630s to late 90s. I've been there personally to see the change of British households over time. I can go back to take more photos and mock into 3Ds with some research or whatever. In VR, I guess we can ask people to open doors and go back an era each time etc. 

Idea 1c - Hand craft tradition (VR1 and VR2) 
Inspired by my travels to Kyoto and Switzerland. For different 3D objects, like ambrella or watch, how people make it now can be transferred back to how they were made in the old times by hand to feel the impact of industrial revolution. It may be tricky on video content rights so only briefly mentioned here. 

https://www.geffrye-museum.org.uk/explore-the-geffrye/period_rooms/

++SILLY & FUN++
Idea 2 - Previous life (VR2) 
In Chinese/Japanse (possibly Korean too @jimkim) legend stories that wild lives like trees, turtles, perennial flowers, foxes, fish (whales), snake, rocks etc. can undertake years of Zen practice and transform themselves into human forms. But from different characters you can still trace back what they were before. A bit like the game of determining your Patronus charm animal in Harry Potter if you know it better. Build avatars and different options to review what you original wild life Kami (god, like god of lotus or turtle) is. 

++POLITICAL & EMOTIONAL++
Idea 3 - Iran or any war zone countries (mainly VR1) 
Start scenes of pictures of relics and wreckage when click you can see what amazing architecture they used to be. 
I remember seeing some before and after war pictures which were very powerful. It's reverse the sense of past I guess, instead of looking at a bright shiny future we see what have been done for much worse for the present. 

++PERSONAL++
Idea 4 - Family apartment(VR1 and VR2)
The VR1 version is much more like the FB memory line version. 

Alternatively, I thought of a much more elaborated version involving creating 3D avatars but it may not be suitable for the short timeframe we were given for this project. In a 3D mock apartment including kitchen, living room, bedroom, study, patio and garden. In each room, like the kitchen, it's you eating with your parents but used to be they feed you. In bed room, it's you getting up but it used to be they craddle you and sing you to sleep etc. The unnamed sculpture project mentioned in Processing came to my mind for visual.

http://onformative.com/work/unnamed-soundsculpture

